<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:gn="http://www.geonames.org/ontology#" xmlns:foaf="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns:bibo="http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/1.3/" xmlns:TEI="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" version="XHTML+RDFa 1.0" type="bibo:Manuscript"><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/><meta charset="UTF-8"/><title>Page 267</title><body><div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:div" id="d39873e38326"><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">elle s'établit à Corinthe, sur les monnaies de la quelle cette ville son éffigie fut gravé.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">On Statuary &amp; Sculpture among the Antients by James Dallaway.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Leipz. L. Z. 19 Nov. 1816. No 288.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Mehr interessant wegen der Beschreibung der röm. u griech. Antiken in den<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Sammlungen in England.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">R. Dagley Compendium of the Theory &amp; practice of drawing &amp; printing. 2 plates<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">do Select Gems from the Antique.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">On the unfinished bust of Michael Angelo's Brutus is the following Inscription (cf. Matthews Diary)<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">"Dum Bruti effigiem Sculptor de marmore duxit,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                    In mentem sceleris venit, et abstinuit."<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">As Brutus' form the sculptor's fancy plann'd,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                    He recollects the crime, and checks his hand.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">The late Lord Sandwich, on reading these lines, &amp; conceiving the bust to be that<br class="tei:lb"/>
                of M. I. Brutus, immediately wrote the following verses:<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">"Brutum effecisset Sculptor, sed mente recursat<br class="tei:lb"/>
                    Tanta viri virtus, sistit &amp; abstinuit."<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">"Though Brutus's form the Sculptor's art began,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                    He stopp'd - nor could atchieve the godlike man"<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Minths Anschlag in Pompeia auf fünf Jahr nach einander<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">In Praesidiis Juliae Sp. F. felicis locantur<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Balneum venerium et nonagentum tabernae</span> (900 Gemächer)<br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:foreign">Pergulae coenacula ex idibus Maj.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Primis in idus aug. sexta annos continuos<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Quinque. S. Q. D. L. E. N. C. (si quis domi lenocinium exerceat, non conducito.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Inschrift auf einem Grabstein = Statüe zwischen den Gräbern.<br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:foreign">Iunoni.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Tyche Juliae</span>der Iuno Tyche, Hofmeisterinn dr Liebesfreudn der Iulia Augusta.<br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:foreign">Augustae. Vener.</span><br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:note tei:note-margin"><span class="tei:ab">Iulia Felicia, Tochter des Spurcius, bot aus auf einen<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Zeitraum von 5 Jahren einen Theil ihres Eigenthums<br class="tei:lb"/>
                bestehend in einem Bade u Kaufläden.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span></div><hr xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:pb"/></body></html>