<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:gn="http://www.geonames.org/ontology#" xmlns:foaf="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns:bibo="http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/1.3/" xmlns:TEI="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" version="XHTML+RDFa 1.0" type="bibo:Manuscript"><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/><meta charset="UTF-8"/><title>Page 269</title><body><div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:div" id="d39873e38326"><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">Michael Angelo's unfinished <span class="tei:hi-underline">Brutus</span> has all the air of a blacksmith. By the<br class="tei:lb"/>
                way, this is not intended, as it has been often supposed, for Marcus Brutus. It is a<br class="tei:lb"/>
                portrait of one of the <span class="tei:hi-underline">Medici</span>, who assassinated his uncle, &amp; was called the Florentine<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Brutus; but proving afterwards the oppressor, and not the liberator, of his<br class="tei:lb"/>
                country, M. Angelo laid aside his unfinished bust in disgust.<br class="tei:lb"/></span>cf. H.y Matthews's Diary of an Invalid. 3. Edit. 1822. Vol.1/2 p. 50/296.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Mammertine Prison</span>.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Nothing can show the difference between the antient &amp; modern systems of government more<br class="tei:lb"/>
                strongly, than the limited size of this prison, compared with the innumerable jails that<br class="tei:lb"/>
                now abound in every quarter of Europe: - &amp; yet this was the only prison in old Rome:<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">"Sub regibus atque tribunis<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Viderunt uno contentam carcere Romam."<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">The habeas corpus bill becomes, indeed, an object of importance, when the prisons of a King<br class="tei:lb"/>
                dom contain accommodations for thousands of its inhabitants. <span class="tei:hi-underline">Matthews</span>. - Lentulus<br class="tei:lb"/>
                was here confined: cod.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Coaches in Rome</span><br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:hi-underline">Only women</span> were indulged with the use of carriages.<br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:hi-underline">Carpentum</span>, was an open carriage, without cushions or springs.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                
                Towards the 4.th century ab U. C., when the Republic was in want of money, those ladies<br class="tei:lb"/>
                who delivered their gold &amp; jewels into the treasury, obtained the privilege to ride in a<br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:hi-underline">pilentum</span>, a covered carriage.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                
                The <span class="tei:hi-underline">Carruca</span> (<span class="tei:hi-underline">Carosse</span>) which seems to resemble our coach, is an invention<br class="tei:lb"/>
                of a much later date. It came into use under the Emperors only. Pliny is<br class="tei:lb"/>
                the first who mentions them.-<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Ambulatio</span> - promenade à pied: <span class="tei:hi-underline">Gestatio</span> id en voiture.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">B. Cellini's Medal on Pope Paul III.- φερνη Ϛηνος. ΙΥΡΑΙΗΕΙ with the Ganymed farnesian<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span></div><hr xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:pb"/></body></html>