<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:gn="http://www.geonames.org/ontology#" xmlns:foaf="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns:bibo="http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/1.3/" xmlns:TEI="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" version="XHTML+RDFa 1.0" type="bibo:Manuscript"><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/><meta charset="UTF-8"/><title>Page 266</title><body><div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:div" id="d39873e38326"><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">Née à Hyccara en Sicile vers l'an 429. Conduite en Grèce durant l'expédition des Athéniens à Syracuse,<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Lais</span>, the famous Theban <span class="tei:add">greek</span> courtizan, stands on record for requiring no less than ten thou-<br class="tei:lb"/>
                sand crowns for a single night.-.</span> Rus's Cyclop. <span class="tei:hi-underline">Courtizan</span><br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">Chrisippus t Architect has written a work on t Palace of Scaurus.-<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">What is called t Soldiers's Quarters at Pompej, was t Forum Nundinarium, or market-place.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">A relief on one ot tombs represents a most beautiful allegory: (at Pompej)<br class="tei:lb"/>
                A vessel has finished her voyage; t passenger seated in t stern relinquishes t helm; t atten-<br class="tei:lb"/>
                dant genii are bussied in going aloft to furl t sail; &amp; t soul, as a bird at t mast-head, expands her<br class="tei:lb"/>
                wings to fly away;- t voyage of life is ended.-<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Osiris. Die erzeugende u wirkende Kraft der Natur. - Stehend mit dem Gliede in den Händen<br class="tei:lb"/>
                cf. Caylus rec. T. III. Tab. 2; 1, &amp; Tab VI. Tab. 2, 1. - Heyne Vorlesung. - Pan = Ammon Generator.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">The unfinished bust of Brutus (cf Matthews's Diary) at Florence by M. Angelo is inscribed</span><br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:milestone"/><span class="tei:foreign">"Dum Bruti efficiem Sculptor de marmore ducit,<br class="tei:lb"/>		
                    In mentem sceleris venit, et <span class="tei:add">ab</span>stinuit".</span><br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:foreign">As Brutus' form the sculptors' fancy plann'd,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                        He recollects the crime, &amp; checks his hand.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:milestone"/><span class="tei:foreign">The late Lord Sandwich on reading these lines, &amp; mistaking it for the Bust of Marcus Brutus, immediately<br class="tei:lb"/>
                wrote the following verses.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:milestone"/><span class="tei:foreign">"Brutum effecisset sculptor, sed mente recursat<br class="tei:lb"/>		
                    Tanti viri virtus, sistit et abstinuit":<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:foreign">Though Brutus' form the Sculptor's art began,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                        He stopp'd - nor could achieve the godlike man."<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span class="tei:milestone"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Kappenegger Sitten u Gebräuche der Griechen im Alterthum, für den Schulunter-<br class="tei:lb"/>
                richt u Selbstgebrauch. Heidelberg, Oswald.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Voss Antisymbolik 2 B. gr. 8. 1824 &amp; 1826. Stuttg. Mezler 4 ¾ T = 8 fl.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">" Mythol Briefe 3 B. gr. 8. 1827. 9fl 48Xr. 5 T 16 gr<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Symbolik u Mythos., oder die Naturreligion des Altherthums 2 B. 1824 u 25. 11 fl x4X.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Buttmann's Mythologus.- Lobick's Aglaophamus.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Thomassini = Westphal - Campagna di Roma <span class="tei:add">Römische Campagne</span> u Umgegd v. Neapel. Lpz. Heinrichs.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab">Ottfried Müller's unvergleichliche Archäologie-<br class="tei:lb"/></span></div><hr xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:pb"/></body></html>