<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:gn="http://www.geonames.org/ontology#" xmlns:foaf="http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns:bibo="http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/1.3/" xmlns:TEI="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" version="XHTML+RDFa 1.0" type="bibo:Manuscript"><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/><meta charset="UTF-8"/><title>Page 268</title><body><div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:div" id="d39873e38326"><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Gladiator, dying</span>, is a most valuable monument of ancient sculpture. This man, when he had<br class="tei:lb"/>
                received t mortal stroke, is particularly careful, <span class="tei:hi-underline">ut procumbat honeste</span>, that he might fall<br class="tei:lb"/>
                gracefully; he is seated in a reclining posture on the ground, &amp; has just strength sufficient<br class="tei:lb"/>
                to support himself on his right arm; &amp; in his expiring moments, it is plainly seen that he<br class="tei:lb"/>
                does not abandon himself to grief &amp; dejection, but is solicitous to maintain that firmness<br class="tei:lb"/>
                of aspect, which the gladiators valued themselves on preserving in this season of distress, &amp;<br class="tei:lb"/>
                that attitude wh. they had learned of the masters o defence. He fears not death, nor seems to<br class="tei:lb"/>
                betray any tokens o fear by his countentance, nor to shed one tear: "quis mediocris gladiator<br class="tei:lb"/>
                ingemuit, quis vultum mutavit usquam, quis non modo stitit, verum etiam decubuit<br class="tei:lb"/>
                turpiter", says Cicero, in that part of his Tusculan, where he is describing t astonishing firm-<br class="tei:lb"/>
                ness o these persons. We see, in this instance, notwithstanding his remaining strength, that<br class="tei:lb"/>
                he has but a moment to live, &amp; we view him with attention, that we may see him expire<br class="tei:lb"/>
                &amp; fall: thus the ancients knew how to animate marble &amp; to give it almost every ex-<br class="tei:lb"/>
                pression of life.</span> Rus's Cyclop.-<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Hermaphrodite</span> Two beautiful statues in a recumbent position are in t Florentine Gallery. A small<br class="tei:lb"/>
                hermaphrodite statue is seen in t villa Albani, a very fine one at Paris, &amp; there is another in an obscene<br class="tei:lb"/>
                attitude,</span><br class="tei:lb"/>der stehende Hermaphrodit in der Villa Borghese.<br class="tei:lb"/><span class="tei:foreign">pointing out that it partakes of t two sexes. All these are males in t external appearance<br class="tei:lb"/>
                o their generative organs, females in t form o t breast, in t features, in t elegance o t <del class="tei:del">features</del> figure,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                &amp; t softness o t contours. They exhibit an attempt to form a more perfect being, by uniting<br class="tei:lb"/>
                together t peculiar excellencies of t male &amp; female, without attending very particularly to t<br class="tei:lb"/>
                genital organs.- cod. <span class="tei:hi-underline">Generation</span>, by Lawrence. - Winkelmann. 4o. 1. p. 364.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:hi-underline">Niobe</span>. <span class="tei:foreign">Ultima restabat, quam toto corpore mater,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                Tota veste tegens, unam, minimamque relinque;<br class="tei:lb"/>
                De multis minimam posco, clamavit, et unam!</span> Ovid.<br class="tei:lb"/></span><span xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:ab"><span class="tei:foreign">The Statue and the verses form an excellent commentary upon each other.<br class="tei:lb"/>
                
                    "The verse and sculpture bore an equal part,<br class="tei:lb"/>
                    And art reflected images to art."</span> Matthews's Diary. 1. p. 50.<br class="tei:lb"/></span></div><hr xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="tei:pb"/></body></html>